https://www.thespruceeats.com/australian-pavlova-recipe-256101
Ingredients
For Meringue Shell:

4 large egg whites, room temperature
1 cup caster sugar (also known as castor sugar, berry sugar, or superfine sugar)
1/2 tablespoon cornstarch
1 teaspoon white vinegar
1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract
For the Whipped Cream

1/2 cup whipping cream
1/2 teaspoon pure vanilla extract
1/2 cup confectioners' sugar (also known as icing sugar)
For the Fruit Garnish:

2 cups whole berries, or sliced fresh fruit of choice such as strawberries, kiwi fruit, passion fruit, and bananas
1 tablespoon freshly squeezed lemon juice, optional
Fresh mint sprigs, optional
Steps to Make It
Make the Meringue Shell
Gather the ingredients. Position a rack in the center of the oven and heat to 275 F/140 C.

Ingredients for meringue shell gathered
The Spruce Eats
Line a baking sheet with foil. Using a bowl as a guide, draw a 7-inch circle on the foil with the blunt edge of a knife without tearing the foil. Set aside.

Foil with a seven-inch circle drawn on it. Foil covers a rimmed baking sheet
The Spruce Eats
In a clean, medium metal bowl or in a clean stand mixer fitted with a clean whisk attachment, beat 4 large egg whites (at room temperature) on medium speed until the whites form soft peaks.

Beaten egg whites in metal bowl
The Spruce Eats
Gently sprinkle 1 cup caster sugar into the egg whites, 1 teaspoon at a time, beating continuously until the whites form stiff, glossy peaks.

Beaten egg whites with sugar in metal bowl
The Spruce Eats
Sprinkle 1/2 tablespoon cornstarch and 1 teaspoon white vinegar on the meringue and fold in gently with a plastic spatula.

Spatula in meringue mixture for Pavolva dessert
The Spruce Eats
Gently fold 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract into the mixture.

Meringue mixture in metal bowl with spatula and vanilla
The Spruce Eats
Spread the meringue in the circle on the foil to make a circular base. Make sure the edges of the meringue are slightly higher than the center, so you have a shallow well in the middle.

A large circle of meringue on a foil-lined pan
The Spruce Eats
Bake the meringue until it turns a very pale, pinkish eggshell color, about 1 hour and 15 minutes.

Turn off the oven and leave the door slightly ajar to let the meringue cool completely. As the meringue cools, it will crack slightly.

Cooled and baked meringue on a plate
The Spruce Eats
Just before serving, take the meringue out of the oven and gently transfer it from the foil to a plate.

Make the Whipped Cream
Gather the ingredients.

Ingredients for whipped cream and fruit garnish gathered
The Spruce Eats
In a bowl, whip 1/2 cup whipping cream with 1/2 teaspoon vanilla and 1/2 cup confectioners' sugar until it forms medium peaks. Set aside.

Whipped cream, vanilla, and icing sugar in a metal bowl
The Spruce Eats
Prepare the Fruit
Wash and slice (if necessary) the fruit.

Fruit in colander, bowl, and on a cutting board
The Spruce Eats
If using bananas, toss with 1 tablespoon freshly squeezed lemon juice to prevent browning.

Tossing banana slices in lemon juice in a bowl
The Spruce Eats
Assemble the Pavlova
Gently spread the whipped cream over the top of the cooled meringue with a spatula.

Whipped cream spread over the top of meringue
The Spruce Eats
Arrange the fruit on top. Garnish with fresh mint sprigs, if desired. Serve immediately and enjoy.

New Zealand Pavlova with whipped cream, berries, red currants, and mint


https://www.cottercrunch.com/instant-pot-lentil-gumbo-vegan/#tasty-recipes-74444
Ingredients
Units USM
Scale
1x
2x
3x
1 Tablespoon light olive oil
1 teaspoon minced garlic or 2 cloves
1 bell pepper, diced
1 ½ cups onion, chopped
3 celery ribs, chopped (~1 cup)
1 Tablespoon fresh thyme or 1 teaspoon dried
1 Tablespoon smoked paprika (plus more to taste)
3 teaspoon Cajun spice mix (adjust to taste)
½ teaspoon dried oregano
¼ – ½ teaspoon cayenne
1 Tablespoon apple cider vinegar
⅔ cup uncooked red lentils
3 cups vegetable broth or chicken broth
1 can (14 ounces) fire roasted tomatoes
1 Tablespoon Tabasco or cajun hot sauce (plus more to taste)
1 bay leaf
2 cups fresh or frozen chopped okra*
Kosher Salt and pepper to taste
Cooked white rice or cauliflower rice for serving
Optional Toppings: Chopped cilantro, diced jalapeno


Roux Ingredients*

3 Tablespoons butter or non dairy butter
3 Tablespoons all purpose gluten free flour
Cook Mode Prevent your screen from going dark
Instructions
(Optional, see notes) Preheat the oven to 450 F and place okra on a baking sheet. Roast for 10-15 minutes (will take longer for frozen okra) or until okra is slightly crispy and browned on the edges.
Heat a 4-quart Instant Pot using the SAUTE mode. Add oil, onion, garlic, bell pepper, and celery. Saute for 5 minutes until softened and fragrant. Stir in thyme, paprika, Cajun seasoning, oregano, and cayenne and saute for 1 minute.
Mix in apple cider vinegar, lentils, broth, fire roasted tomatoes, hot sauce, and bay leaf.
Lock the Instant Pot lid and set the vent to closed. Select MANUAL mode and cook on high pressure for 3 minutes then allow a natural release for 12-15 minutes.
While the Instant Pot comes to pressure, make the roux. In a small pot over medium heat, whisk together butter and flour. Stir frequently until mixture becomes the color of butterscotch, about 5-7 minutes. Be careful it does not burn and remove from heat.
After the Instant Pot has naturally released, unlock the lid and discard thyme sprigs.
Stir roux and roasted okra into the gumbo until the gumbo has thickened. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.
Serve gumbo over cooked rice or cauliflower rice. Garnish with optional toppings.
Store in the fridge for 3-4 days.

https://www.seriouseats.com/homemade-philadelphia-tomato-pie-style-pizza-recipe
Ingredients
For the Dough:

500 grams (17.5 ounces, about 3 1/2 cups) all-purpose flour
10 grams (0.35 ounces, about 2 teaspoons) salt
5 g (0.175 ounce, about 1 teaspoon) rapid-rise yeast
30 g (1 ounce, about 2 1/4 tablespoons) extra-virgin olive oil, plus more for greasing pan
325 g (11.5 ounces, about 1 cup plus 6 tablespoons) water
For the Sauce:

2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil
2 tablespoons unsalted butter
4 cloves garlic, grated on a microplane grater
1 tablespoon dried oregano
1 teaspoon red pepper flakes
1 (28-ounce) can whole peeled tomatoes, roughly puréed in a food processor or blender
1 tablespoon sugar
1 shallot or small onion
Kosher salt
1/2 ounce finely grated Pecorino Romano cheese
Directions
Combine flour, salt, and yeast in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the dough hook attachment. Whisk to combine. Add olive oil and water. Knead on low speed just until dough comes together, about 3 minutes. Let dough rest for 10 minutes, then knead once more on low speed for 10 minutes. Dough should pull away from sides of bowl but stick to bottom.

Overhead view of dough in a mixing bowl
Serious Eats / Julia Estrada
Remove dough hook, cover top of mixing bowl tightly with plastic wrap, and let rise in the refrigerator for at least 8 hours and up to 24. Meanwhile, make the sauce.

Overhead view of dough in bowl after it has rested
Serious Eats / Julia Estrada
For the Sauce: Heat olive oil and butter in a medium saucepan over medium-high heat until butter melts. Add garlic, oregano, and pepper flakes. Cook, stirring constantly, until softened and fragrant, about 1 minute. Add tomatoes, sugar, and whole shallot. Bring to a bare simmer and cook, stirring occasionally, until rich and thick, about 45 minutes. Season to taste with salt. Allow to cool in fridge while dough rises.

Four image collage of making tomato sauce with onions, oil, and tomatos
Serious Eats / Julia Estrada
Two hours before baking, remove dough from fridge. Generously grease the inside of a 13- by 18-inch rimmed baking sheet with olive oil (about 3 tablespoons). Turn dough out onto lightly floured surface. Form into flat ball and transfer to baking sheet. Using your hands, coat the ball on all sides with olive oil. Loosely cover the baking sheet with plastic and let dough rise in a warm spot for 1 hour. The dough should spread out.

Two image collage of overhead view of dough in oil on a baking sheet before and after rising
Serious Eats / Julia Estrada
Carefully stretch and push the dough into the corners and edges of the pan. Cover loosely, and let rise for 1 hour longer. Meanwhile, adjust oven rack to upper-middle position and preheat oven to 450°F (230°C). When dough has risen, gently dock center with fingertips and use your hands to create a risen ridge about 1-inch wide around the edge.

Two image collage of stretching dough to fill baking sheet
Serious Eats / Julia Estrada
Spread sauce generously over dough, leaving the raised 1-inch edge un-sauced. Bake until edges are light golden brown and crisp, about 20 minutes total, rotating pan once halfway through baking. Remove from oven and allow to cool at room temperature for at least 15 minutes. Sprinkle with Romano cheese, cut into slices, and serve.

Two image collage of tomato pie before and after being baked


https://www.tasteofhome.com/recipes/gingerbread-cutout-cookies
Ingredients
3/4 cup butter, softened
1 cup packed brown sugar
1 large egg, room temperature
3/4 cup molasses
4 cups all-purpose flour
2 teaspoons ground ginger
1-1/2 teaspoons baking soda
1-1/2 teaspoons ground cinnamon
3/4 teaspoon ground cloves
1/4 teaspoon salt
Vanilla frosting of your choice
Red and green paste food coloring
Shop Recipe
Directions
In a large bowl, cream butter and brown sugar until light and fluffy, 5-7 minutes. Add egg and molasses. Combine the flour, ginger, baking soda, cinnamon, cloves and salt; gradually add to creamed mixture and mix well. Cover and refrigerate until easy to handle, about 4 hours or overnight.
Preheat oven to 350°. On a lightly floured surface, roll dough to 1/8-in. thickness. Cut with floured 2-1/2-in. cookie cutters. Place 1 in. apart on ungreased baking sheets.
Bake until edges are firm, 8-10 minutes. Remove to wire racks to cool completely. Tint some of the frosting red and some green; leave remaining frosting plain. Decorate cookies.
